Deprecate full download via soap API (#635)
OpenEnergyPlatform/open-MaStR: docs/advanced.md

    identifier (`EinheitMastrNummer`) and their power plant type (`Einheitentyp`). You can then sort them by power 
    plant type and use the power plant type specific API query to retrieve information about it. <br>

### MaStRDownload

!!! warning "MaStRDownload is deprecated"

>     Since `v0.16.0` the `MaStRDownload` class is deprecated and cannot be used anymore.

Reviewer: We deprecated it, now it is removed.

```suggestion
!!! warning "MaStRDownload has been removed"
    In versions > `v0.16.0` the `MaStRDownload` class cannot be used anymore.
```

### MaStRMirror

!!! warning "MaStRMirror is deprecated"

>     Since `v0.16.0` the `MaStRMirror` class is deprecated and cannot be used anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "MaStRMirror has been removed"
    In versions > `v0.16.0` the `MaStRMirror` class cannot be used anymore.
```
